now is the time to meet the new
chevrolet prisma is with you one more time
and corn
gm does not even want to give
competitors neither new nor old
now wants to attack and take the lead of
segment of the compact sedans with the new
prism that by the way guns for that he
has
Just look at it but a few weeks.
in fact neither the sedan version of the onyx but
replaced the prism already well
known segment in which what fell
more attention is the style that the
factory sets as sports sedan
mainly the rear has solved
integrated into the rest of the car
still a trunk with a capacity of
500 liters
ideal for those who need a car
family type eternally do not exist
differences from the hatch model
panel instrument panel and
coatings are the same
the equipment also interesting
multimedia system that controls the
a cell phone that produces
interacts with smartphone and can even
download the gps program
the inner space is one of the cool things
the new prisoner at a good distance between
axes have room for five people
just who goes in the middle of the back seat
suffers slightly the new prism is offered
in three basic versions you are given 80 with
1.4 and 1.4 1.4
in the latter the 106 horses with ethanol and
98 in gasoline proved sufficient
to enable interesting performance
both on the road keeping the speeds
allowed without difficulty as in the
City
the impacts of the five-speed gearbox
have agility to the sedan
even with 1.0 engine the new price commands
good
The secret is in weight only 12 pounds
more than the hatch version which allowed
that maintained the same mechanical assembly
without altering the performance practically
an announced novelty is that until the
second half of this year will also have
an automatic six- speed version
marches
the new prism is already on sale at
thirty-four thousand nine hundred and ninety
1990 and the factory says that the
three-year collision warranty
bumper